= Abundance Token Civilization System =

__TOC__

= PART 1: THE STRATEGY =

== The Irresistible Offer: "The Freedom Franchise" ==
We are not selling a "token" or a "governance model." No one cares about that.
We are selling '''immediate freedom from the Rat Race.'''

=== 1. The Dream Outcome ===
"Own a mortgage-free, self-sustaining micro-home and the skills to feed yourself forever."

=== 2. Perceived Likelihood of Achievement ===
* '''Not Speculation''': We don't show them a whitepaper. We show them a '''Tractor''' we built for $800. We show them a '''House''' built in 5 days.
* '''Social Proof''': "See the 50 people already living this way."

=== 3. Time Delay ===
* '''Old Way''': 30-year mortgage.
* '''Our Way''': '''2-Year Time Share Path'''.
** Commit 2 years (or weekends equivalent) to the Guild.
** Walk away with a house and a trade.

=== 4. Effort & Sacrifice ===
* '''The Fear''': "I have to be a farmer/engineer."
* '''The Fix''': "No. You just have to show up. We have the ''' 'Zero to Hero' ''' system. We teach you. You play with cool machines. It feels like LEGOs, not labor."

=== The "Grand Slam" Offer for Outsiders ===
To get dollars flowing IN, we sell '''"The Weekend Escape"'''.
* '''Offer''': "Come spend 3 days at the OSE Campus. Learn to build a brick press. Eat organic food we grew. Sleep in a micro-house."
* '''Price''': $1,500 (Fiat).
* '''The Magic''':
# '''They Pay Us''': Revenue buys steel/cement for the next house.
# '''They Build Us''': During the workshop, they build a machine we keep.
# '''They Convert''': 20% will say, "I never want to go back to my cubicle. How do I stay?"
# '''The Upsell''': "Join the 2-Year Freedom Path."

=== Feasibility NOW (The Small Scale) ===
You don't need a blockchain for the first 5 people.
# '''The MVP''': User buys a workshop ticket (Stripe/Cash).
# '''The Ledger''': We record their "Impact Points" on a simple public dashboard (The temporary "Testnet").
# '''The Interaction''': They scan a QR code on the machine they built. "I made this."
# '''The Result''': The system works socially before it works technically. The feeling of "I belong" happens instantly.

----

== Civilization Monetary Plan: The Open Source Economy ==

=== The Prime Directive ===
To create a monetary system where '''Value = Life Regeneration'''.
We do not optimize for profit. We optimize for '''Evolution'''.

=== 1. The Foundation: "The 4 Seasons of Value" ===

==== Season 1: Scarcity (The Anchor) ====
* '''Reality''': We live in a physical world. We need steel, land, and energy.
* '''Mechanism''': '''Bitcoin (BTC)'''.
** The "Village Vault" holds BTC.
** This is our shield against the dying fiat world.
** '''Rule''': We export high-value machines (CNC, Tractors) to earn BTC. We never sell our land for fiat.

==== Season 2: Labor (The Engine) ====
* '''Reality''': Nothing moves without human will.
* '''Mechanism''': '''Abundance Token (AT)'''.
** 1 AT ≈ 1 Hour of Basic Regenerative Labor.
** '''Minting''': Only created when verified work happens (Proof of Regeneration).
** '''Burning''': Burnt when engaging the community's assets (e.g., using the Fab Lab).

==== Season 3: Reputation (The Soul) ====
* '''Reality''': Trust scales faster than contracts.
* '''Mechanism''': '''Impact Score'''.
** Non-transferable.
** Earned by mentoring, verifying, and stewarding.
** '''Power''': High score = Governance weight + Ability to mint higher value (Credit Limit).

==== Season 4: Abundance (The Goal) ====
* '''Reality''': A paid-off house produces shelter forever at near-zero cost.
* '''Mechanism''': '''The Commons'''.
** As debt is destroyed (houses built), the cost of living drops to zero.
** Money becomes less necessary. The civilization "graduates" from economics.

=== 2. The Course Integration: "Future Builders Crash Course 7" ===
'''The "Coin" is the Diploma.'''

* '''Module 1: The Download (Wallet Setup)'''
** Action: Students install the "Compass" App.
** Lesson: "This is not a crypto wallet. This is your Citizenship."

* '''Module 2: The Sweat Equity (First Mint)'''
** Task: "Build the Brick Press" (Coursework).
** Reward: The machine is built. The student mints 50 AT.
** Lesson: Money comes from creation, not speculation.

* '''Module 3: The Interdependence (The Trade)'''
** Action: Student A (who made bricks) trades 10 AT with Student B (who cooked lunch).
** Lesson: We are an economy. We don't need Walmart.

* '''Module 4: The Exit (The Offer)'''
** The Pitch: "You have earned 50 AT and a 'Builder Lvl 1' Badge."
** Choice A: Cash out (Sell AT to the Treasury for USD/BTC and leave).
** Choice B: '''Invest'''. Use your AT to buy a share in the next "Time Share House".
** Result: 80% stay.

=== 3. The 100-Year Exit Strategy ===
How do we ensure this doesn't become a tyranny?
* '''The Keys Burn''': At Year 10 (or Milestone X), the Admin Keys for the contract are verified burned. The algorithm rules supreme.
* '''The Land Trust''': All land acquired is put into a "Community Land Trust" with a charter that forbids sale.
* '''The "Starship" Clause''': If the node fails, the people can "fork" the village. They take their Reputation and AT to a new node. Portable Sovereignty.

=== 4. Immediate Nuance: The "Free Rider" Defense ===
* '''Problem''': What if someone joins, eats our food, and does nothing?
* '''Defense''': The '''"Sunlight Protocol"'''.
** Everything is public. "Standard Time" for a task is known.
** If you take 20 hours to do a 4-hour job, your Reputation craters.
** Low Reputation = No access to the Common Kitchen.
** Social ostracization is older and stronger than police.

= PART 2: ECONOMICS & PROTOCOLS =

== Work Conversion Protocol: Gamifying the Economy ==

=== 1. The Core Loop (The "Game Loop") ===
We replace "Job" with "Quest". We replace "Wage" with "Loot".

# '''Quest Generation (Bounty Board)'''
#* Input: A need is identified (e.g., "We need 500 bricks for the new house").
#* Valuation: The '''Commons Circle''' estimates the effort. "Standard Time: 20 hours."
#* Posting: The Quest goes live on the Compass App.
# '''Quest Acceptance (Looking for Group)'''
#* User: Opens app, sees "Brick Pressing Quest".
#* Action: Taps "Accept". (If they need a team, they "Start Party" and invite neighbors).
# '''The Grind (Execution)'''
#* Work: The user physically presses the bricks.
#* Proof: They log progress periodically (Batch 1 done, Photo).
# '''The Verification (Boss Fight)'''
#* Verifier: A Steward (Quality Control) inspects the bricks.
#* Pass: "Bricks are solid." -> Transaction Signed.
#* Fail: "Bricks are cracking. Redo Batch 5."
# '''The Reward (Level Up)'''
#* '''Mint''': 200 AT minted to User's wallet.
#* '''XP''': User gains +20 XP in "Masonry" (Working towards Journeyer Badge).

=== 2. Collective Valuation (Min-Maxing Value) ===
How do we decide a Quest is worth 200 AT?

==== The "Planning Poker" Protocol ====
We do not let a central planner decide prices. We use the '''Wisdom of the Crowd'''.
# '''Session''': The "Construction Circle" meets (Weekly or Async).
# '''Nomination''': "We need to fix the Barn Roof."
# '''Vote''': All Journeyers vote on the "Standard Time" (Effort).
#* Alice: "4 hours."
#* Bob: "6 hours."
#* Charlie: "4 hours."
# '''Consensus''': Average is ~4.5 hours. Set Bounty at 50 AT.
# '''Dynamic Adjustment''': If no one takes the quest for 3 days, the Bounty auto-increases (Dutch Auction) until someone accepts. The market finds the true price.

== Barter Logic: Livestock Case Study ==
=== The Core Formula ===
We do not pay for time alone (slowness) nor output alone (corner-cutting). We pay for '''Proven Value'''.

'''Value (AT) = (Hours x BaseRate x SkillMultiplier) + OutcomeBonus'''

* '''Base Rate''': 10 AT/hr (Universal Floor).
* '''Skill Multiplier multiplier''': 1.0x (Apprentice), 1.5x (Journeyer), 2.0x (Steward).
* '''Outcome Bonus''': 50% of time saved.

=== Storyboard: Chicken Tractor Build ===
* '''Goal''': Build Module C (Standard Time: 10 hrs). Bounty Cap: 150 AT.
* '''Apprentice Ned''': Takes 12 hrs. Paid for 10 hrs * 1.0 = '''100 AT'''.
* '''Steward Maria''': Takes 4 hrs. Paid for 4 hrs * 2.0 = 80 AT. + Efficiency Bonus (3 hrs * 10) = 30 AT. Total '''110 AT'''.
* '''Result''': Maria earns nearly 3x per hour effectively.

== Reputation Economics ==
=== Scarcity as the Anchor ===
* '''BTC is the Vault''': Stores surplus.
* '''AT is the Flow''': Measures labor velocity.

=== Crystallizing Reputation ===
* '''Staking''': A Master must Stake Reputation to verify a Novice.
* If Novice fails, Master loses Reputation.
* This allows trust to scale beyond Dunbar's number.

= PART 3: TECHNOLOGY =

== Why Blockchain? (The Appliance Philosophy) ==
'''Question''': "Why not a spreadsheet? We don't want to hire 10 devs."
'''Answer''':
# '''Sovereignty''': A spreadsheet has an "Admin". An admin can delete your house. A ledger has no admin.
# '''Scale''': Allows Village A to trade with Village B without trusting them personally.
# '''The Appliance''': We treat software like a Refrigerator. We finish it, freeze it, and run it on '''Talos Linux'''. No updates, no DevOps. It just runs.

== Abundance DAG Whitepaper (Draft) ==
=== Abstract ===
A modular, GhostDAG-based ledger. Prioritizes Soundness (Rust), Throughput (DAG), and Mobile-Verification (MMR).

=== Core Structures ===
* '''Vertex''': The unit of the graph.
* '''GhostDAG''': Consensus protocol allowing parallel blocks.
* '''Impact Record''': The schema for "Regenerative Actions" (Geo, Time, Type, Metrics).

=== Proof of Regeneration ===
Consensus weight is determined by valid Impact Scores, not just CPU power.

== Mesh Architecture ==
* '''Hardware''': Intel NUC 13 Pro ("Village Node").
* '''OS''': Talos Linux (Immutable).
* '''Network''': Yggdrasil (End-to-End Encrypted Mesh IPv6).
* '''Stack''': Kubernetes (K3s) running the DAG + Nextcloud + HomeAssistant.

== App UX: "The Compass" ==
* '''Design''': Game HUD. NOT a crypto wallet.
* '''Home Screen''': User's Impact Ring (Green=Eco, Gold=Labor).
* '''Action''': One big button -> '''SCAN QR'''.
* '''Flow''': Build Wall -> Scan Code -> Get Paid.

= PART 4: PSYCHOLOGY & ROADMAP =

== FAQ & Narrative ==
* '''Don't say Crypto'''. Say '''Civic Accounting'''.
* '''Don't say Mining'''. Say '''Earning'''.
* '''Is this a Ponzi?''' No. We pay in Housing/Food, not promises.
* '''What if price crashes?''' 1 AT = 1 Hour. Labor doesn't crash.

== Timeline ==
* '''Day 1 (Now)''': CLI Faucet & Testnet.
* '''Day 7''': Web Dashboard ("The Compass" Prototype).
* '''Day 30''': First physical trade (Eggs for Labor).

= PART 5: GOVERNANCE =

== Governance Model ==
* '''Structure''': Holacracy-inspired Circles.
* '''Constitution''': The Supreme Law.
* '''Circles''':
** '''General Company Circle (GCC)''': The Anchor.
** '''Reputation & Identity Circle''': Verify humans.
** '''Technology & Infrastructure''': Maintain the Mesh.
** '''Stewardship & Commons''': Land and Resource management.

== Competency Framework (Zero to Hero) ==
* '''Apprentice''': "I am learning." (Needs supervision).
* '''Journeyer''': "I can do it." (Independent).
* '''Steward''': "I can teach it." (Mastery).
* '''The Guarantee''': We hold the flashlight. You just walk the path.
