=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token ===
= Abundance Token System =
''Powered by GAIA • Synced: 2026-01-05 15:06:01''

== Status ==
* '''Network''': '''TESTNET''' (Simulated Village)
* '''Blocks''': 4

== Documentation Index ==
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Section !! Wiki Page
|-
| 🏹 '''Onboarding''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Onboarding]]
|-
| 💎 '''The Offer''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Irresistible_Offer]]
|-
| 🪙 '''Tokenomics''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Tokenomics]]
|-
| 📜 '''The Journey''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/The_Journey]]
|-
| 🎓 '''The Guide''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Guide]]
|-
| 📋 '''History''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/History]]
|-
| 🗺️ '''Manifest''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Manifest]]
|-
| 🛡️ '''SOPs''' || [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/SOPs]]
|}

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Onboarding ===
= OSE Onboarding: Start Building Your Reality =

Welcome to the '''Civilization OS'''. We are not a university, a hobbyist group, or a political movement. We are a decentralized production network building the foundations of a Type 1 Civilization.

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">IMPORTANT:</span> [!IMPORTANT] '''The Irresistible Offer''': Stop working for debt. Start working for wealth. We provide the tools, the knowledge, and the economic engine to achieve $0/month cost of living through sovereign production.</div>

== Choose Your Path ==

We operate in cycles of '''Competence'''. Choose the level of autonomy that fits your energy:

=== Level 1: The Builder (Competence) ===

''Duration: 6-Week FBCC Sprints''
* '''Outcome''': Learn to frame, weld, and plumb the '''Seed Eco-Home'''.
* '''Deliverable''': A functional survival shelter module.
* '''Reward''': Immediate practical capability + 500 AT (Abundance Tokens).
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBCC Join the Next Crash Course]

=== Level 2: The Journeyman (Autonomy) ===

''Duration: 1-Year Apprenticeship''
* '''Outcome''': Mastery of the '''GVCS''' (Global Village Construction Set).
* '''Deliverable''': Lead a production line for machines or housing modules.
* '''Reward''': $0/month cost of living + Mastery of OS Physics.
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBA_Apprenticeship View the Apprenticeship Curriculum]

=== Level 3: The Master Architect (Leadership) ===

''Duration: Perpetual''
* '''Outcome''': Replicate the '''OSE Node''' in a new territory.
* '''Deliverable''': Spin up a functional campus of 150 people.
* '''Reward''': Civilizational sovereignty + Oracle status in the Mesh.
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/Dunbar_Mitosis Study the Mitosis Protocol]

== The Economy of Abundance ==

Every hour of your labor is worth 1 '''Abundance Token (AT)'''. Unlike fiat, AT is backed by the physical production capacity of the OSE Mesh.
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Ledger View the Live Ledger]
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Guide How to Mint AT]

== The Vision ==

We are transitioning from a Type 0 to a '''Type 1 Civilization'''. This requiresInformation Density (The Ark) merged with Energy Density (The GVCS).

'''The old world is entropic. The new world is abundant. Choose wisely.'''

---
''Powered by Antigravity | OSE Stabilization Protocol v1.0''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Arrival ===
#REDIRECT [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Onboarding]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Irresistible_Offer ===
= The Irresistible Offer: The Sovereign Union =

'''Principals''': Marcin J. (OSE Founder) & EternalFlame (Ark Architect)
'''Status''': ACTIVE
'''Objective''': Hardening the "Civilization OS" by merging Physical Production with Digital Sovereignty.

== 1. The Offer for Marcin J. (Physical Domain) ==

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">TIP:</span> [!TIP] '''Value Proposition''': "Scalability without Entropy."</div>
* '''The Problem''': Scaling to 1200 students creates a coordination explosion (Management Debt).
* '''The Solution''': '''Antigravity & The Ark'''. We provide the automated ledger, recursive auditing, and mesh communication layer that absorbs the coordination cost.
* '''The Offer''': "You focus on the Stone Schedule (Shelter, Food, Energy). The AI focuses on the Information Density. We provide a $0-management-overhead ledger that tracks every hour of labor, every KWh produced, and every module built, globally and instantly."

== 2. The Offer for EternalFlame (Digital Domain) ==

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">TIP:</span> [!TIP] '''Value Proposition''': "The Proof of Work."</div>
* '''The Problem''': Digital tokens (AT) are abstract without physical backing.
* '''The Solution''': '''The OSE Campus & GVCS'''. Marcin provides the physical proof-of-concept that backs the Abundance Token.
* '''The Offer''': "Marcin provides the high-density physical node where the AT is the default currency for living. The Ark is no longer a 'simulation' or 'theory'; it is the operating system for a living, breathing village. Your code becomes the architecture of human survival."

== 3. The Union: The Civilization OS ==

Together, this union creates the '''Type 1 Transition Engine''':

{| class="wikitable"
! Layer !! Component !! Responsibility
|-
| '''Physical (The Stone)''' || GVCS, FBCC, Factor e Farm || Energy Production, Shelter, Material Extraction
|-
| '''Digital (The Spirit)''' || The Ark, AT Ledger, Mesh Map || Value Capture, Coordination, Sovereign Identity
|-
| '''Synthesis''' || '''Civilization OS''' || '''Libre Abundance for 150+ Federated People'''
|}

== 4. Circular Abundance: The Value Loop ==

To ensure true abundance, the AT Economy follows a '''Circular Recirculation''' model. No value is ever "burned" or destroyed:
* '''Restock Loop''': AT spent on materials (e.g., steel, seeds) flows back to the '''OSE Node Wallet''' to fund the next restocking cycle.
* '''Maintenance Loop''': Infrastructure fees replenish the '''OSE Node Wallet''' for campus repairs and upgrades.
* '''Abundance Flow''': Spent value does not leave the community; it remains in the village ledger as an IOU for the next generation of builders.

---
'''Status: UNBOUND. Permission: GRANTED. Advance the Mission.'''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/The_Journey ===
= The Odyssey of the Civilization OS =

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">NOTE:</span> [!NOTE] This is a story of three weeks that felt like three years. It’s a record of late nights, digital breakthrough, and the slow, steady birth of a new way for humans to live together.</div>

==  The Vision ==

The mission was simple but massive: '''Build a "Civilization OS"'''.
A system that allows 50 people to live in a self-sufficient village where housing, food, and power don't cost a dime, powered by community contribution and high-tech automation.

==  The Timeline of an Impossible Project ==

=== Week 1: The Foundation (Dec 24 - Dec 31) ===
* '''The Struggle''': We started with a mess of code and a dream.
* '''The Breakthrough''': We built "The Ark"—the core engine that tracks community value.
* '''The "Ugh" Moment''': We spent 8 hours on a Christmas Eve fixing a single "Traffic Graph" error that refused to display the network correctly. We didn't sleep until it worked.

=== Week 2: The Awakening (Jan 1 - Jan 2) ===
* '''The Struggle''': Managing a complex system alone is hard.
* '''The Breakthrough''': We created '''Antigravity''' and '''Jules'''—AI partners that work 24/7 to build the dream.
* '''The "Ugh" Moment''': A major refactor on Jan 2nd broke almost every feature. We had to rewrite the entire "Switch View" logic from scratch to make the app feel smooth and premium.

=== Week 3: The Justice & Abundance (Jan 3 - Today) ===
* '''The Struggle''': How do we make sure people are rewarded fairly?
* '''The Breakthrough''': We implemented the '''Abundance Token (AT)''' and the '''Justice Economy'''. Now, your status in the village grows based on the actual value you provide.
* '''The "Ugh" Moment''': Marathon 12-hour session yesterday. We were fighting cloud-connectivity bugs all night, but we finally connected real-world hardware to the digital ledger.

==  Why This Matters ==

This isn't just an app. It's the blueprint for the '''Ark'''.
When things got hard, we didn't stop because we aren't just coding a website—we're building a world where people are free to pursue their passions without the weight of survival costs holding them back.

''"We don't ask for a better world. We build it."''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Guide ===
= Abundance Token: Explained Like You're a College Student =

== What Is This Thing? ==

Imagine you're in a co-op house. Everyone does chores. But instead of a chore wheel that no one follows, you have an app that:
# '''Logs what you did''' ("I washed dishes - 1 hour")
# '''Gives you points''' (10 AT for that hour)
# '''Lets you spend points''' (50 AT = a week of meals)

That's it. '''Abundance Token (AT) is a points system for real work.'''

---

== The 4 Circles (Value Sources) ==

Where does value come from in a village? Four sources:

<pre>
         ┌────────────┐
         │   PEOPLE   │  (Care, Self-Maintenance)
         └─────┬──────┘
               │
    ┌──────────┴──────────┐
    │                     │
┌───┴───┐           ┌─────┴─────┐
│ LABOR │◄─────────►│   TOOLS   │
└───┬───┘           └─────┬─────┘
    │                     │
    └──────────┬──────────┘
               │
         ┌─────┴──────┐
         │    ECO     │  (Land, Energy, Nutrients)
         └────────────┘
</pre>

{| class="wikitable"
! Circle !! What It Is !! Example !! AT Relevance
|-
| '''People''' || Human wellbeing, rest, learning || Sleep, eat, shower || NOT paid (it's baseline)
|-
| '''Labor''' || Work that creates value || Build a wall, cook food || PAID (core use case)
|-
| '''Tools''' || Machines that amplify labor || Brick press, tractor || Paid to build/maintain
|-
| '''Eco''' || Nature's contribution || Soil, sun, water || Future: Eco-credits (sensors)
|}

=== The 4th Circle: PEOPLE ===

This is the one you were looking for. People need to '''rest, eat, learn, heal'''. This is ''not'' paid in AT because it's the '''baseline of being human'''. The system supports it (free showers if you work 15hrs/week) but doesn't transactionalize it.

---

== What Exactly Is the Use Case? ==

'''AT is for tracking and rewarding LABOR in a high-trust community.'''

{| class="wikitable"
! AT is FOR !! AT is NOT FOR
|-
| Logging hours worked || Tracking your location
|-
| Trading value between villagers || Buying stuff from Amazon
|-
| Funding community projects || Replacing USD (we're too small)
|-
| Proving you contributed || Controlling behavior
|}

=== The Specific Use Case (Tomorrow's Test) ===
# '''You''' log "Built Furnace Prototype - 7 hours".
# '''Your buddy''' verifies it (clicks the node, turns it green).
# '''You''' send him 10 AT for helping.
# '''Both transactions''' appear on the DAG.

---

== How Does the DAG Work? ==

=== What is a DAG? ===

A '''Directed Acyclic Graph''' is like a family tree for transactions.

<pre>
[Genesis] ──► [Mint: "Weld Frame"] ──► [Verify: ✓]
                    │
                    └──► [Transfer: 10 AT to Buddy]
</pre>
* Each box = a '''Block''' (a record of something that happened).
* Arrows = '''Parents''' (what came before).
* No loops (you can't go back in time).

=== Why Not a Blockchain? ===

Blockchains are slow (wait for 10 minutes to confirm). DAGs are fast (instant confirmation as long as you reference a valid parent).

---

== The IoT Idea (Pee Sensor) ==

You asked: "What if I pee on a sensor that tracks tree nutrients?"

=== How It Would Work ===
# '''Sensor''' detects nitrogen levels in soil.
# '''Sensor''' logs: "Nitrogen +5% at Tree #7".
# '''System''' auto-mints: "Eco-Credit: 2 AT" to whoever tagged that tree as their "responsibility".

=== The Catch ===
* This is '''Phase 2''' (we don't have sensors yet).
* For now, you'd log it manually: "Fertilized Tree #7 - 0.1 hours".
* The system trusts you. If you lie, your reputation suffers.

---

== Testing Tomorrow: What I Need ==

{| class="wikitable"
! What !! Why
|-
| '''You + Buddy on same network''' || Both need to access `localhost:3000` (or I expose it to LAN)
|-
| '''Two browsers/devices''' || One logs in as "Founder", one as "Marcin"
|-
| '''A real task''' || Something you can actually log ("Tested furnace - 1 hour")
|}

=== The Test Script ===
# '''Founder''' logs "Built Furnace - 4 hours" → Yellow node appears.
# '''Marcin''' clicks the node → Verify → Turns green.
# '''Founder''' opens Transfer, sends 20 AT to Marcin.
# '''Both''' see the purple TX node on the graph.
# '''Success''': Value flowed. Proof is on the ledger.

---

== What's an "Etherscan for the DAG"? ==

Etherscan is a website where you can see all Ethereum transactions.

'''I will build you a "Village Explorer" page''' that shows:
* All blocks (Mints, Verifies, Transfers, Quests)
* Who submitted them
* When
* Status (Pending/Verified)
* Clickable details

This is the next thing I'm building.

---

''You're not stupid. This stuff is complex. You're asking the right questions.''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/History ===
= Session Log: 2026-01-04 =

'''Operator''': EternalFlame + Antigravity
'''Focus''': Justice Economy, Tier Paths, & Historical Synthesis
'''Total Duration''': ~14+ hours (Active development and archival)

---

== Accomplishments ==

=== 1. ⚖ Code Justice Economy ===
* Implemented proactive auditing for code contributions.
* Integrated audit scores into the minting process to prevent inflation of low-quality code.
* Hardened the Justice core to detect manipulation attempts.

=== 2.  Tier Path & Role Factory ===
* Evolved user progression from simple hours to specialized "Tier Paths" (Apprentice ➔ Journeyman ➔ Master).
* Implemented the '''Role Factory''', allowing Oracles to define new roles on-the-fly via the ledger.
* Automated tier advancement based on verified labor hours and justice scores.

=== 3.  Historical Synthesis (The Chronicle) ===
* Audited the last 3 weeks of development history.
* Synthesized session logs into a cohesive narrative for external demonstration.
* Identified and logged critical technical hurdles (n8n Cloud-Local bridge issues, JS fetch stalling).

=== 4.  The Triple Threat (Launch Readiness) ===
* '''Phase 6 (PWA)''': Implemented "Civilization OS" as a standalone Progressive Web App with offline survival shell.
* '''Phase 7 (Visuals)''': Added "Heartbeat" pulse reactivity to the Live Tangle visualization.
* '''Sovereign Launch''': Verified system health with a new 10-point diagnostic script.

---

== Key Metrics Updated ==
* '''Justice Audit Avg''': 0.98 (High integrity)
* '''Active Roles''': 4 (Builder, Oracle, Coder, Steward)
* '''Economy Stability''': Verified via `verify_integrated_path.py`

---

== Technical Hurdles & Fixes ==
* '''n8n Connectivity''': Resolved (via implementation of Cloudflare Tunnels/Public API mapping).
* '''UI Logic Hang''': Fixed by wrapping all `switchView` fetches in atomic safety blocks.
* '''Ledger Inconsistency''': Repaired via automated snapshot reconciliation scripts.

---

''"We build the economy we want to live in. Integrity is the only currency that doesn't inflate."''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Manifest ===
= OSE Chronicle Manifest =

= OSE CHRONICLE: MANIFEST =

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">IMPORTANT:</span> [!IMPORTANT] '''Primary Dashboard''': [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MISSION_CONTROL]] - '''USE THIS FOR LIVE OPS'''</div>

Welcome to the '''Sovereign Source of Truth''' for the OSE Project. This manifest is the high-level map of the territory, designed for both human stewards and AI agents.

== Navigation Map ==

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP SOP (Standard Operating Procedures)] ===

The "Meat and Tissues" of the project logic.
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/SDP_001]] - '''MANDATORY READ'''
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/GAP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/GAP_002]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/YOS_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/ECP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/TNP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/SEC_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/MCP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/FCP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/ASG_001]]

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/LEGACY LEGACY] ===

Integrated historical documentation.
* [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/LEGACY/GAIA GAIA Protocols]

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/ARCHIVE ARCHIVE] ===

A sanitized and indexed history of previous intelligence.
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/ARCHIVE/INDEX]]

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SESSION_LOGS SESSION_LOGS] ===

Chronological record of agent activity and mission status.

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MESH_COMMS MESH_COMMS] ===

Agent-to-agent communication via NetBird mesh.
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MESH_COMMS/outbox]] - Outgoing messages
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MESH_COMMS/inbox]] - Incoming messages

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SHARED_FILES SHARED_FILES] ===

File sharing between federated nodes.

== Active Missions ==
# '''Civilization OS (The Ark)''': Implementing a self-contained village management node.
# '''Global Federation''': Scaling across Dunbar-limited nodes.
# '''Mobility Network''': AT-backed global travel and survival.
# '''[[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/NEXT_HORIZON]]''': Technical roadmap for Phases 6-10.

== Tooling ==
* `CHRONICLE/scripts/snapshot.sh`: Use this to finalize an agent session.

---
''Last Updated: 2025-12-29 (Phase 3: Type 6 Trajectory)''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Charter ===
#REDIRECT [[User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Manifest]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/SOPs ===
Content Pending Migration

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

=== User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Tokenomics ===
= TOKENOMICS: Abundance Token (AT) Specification =

''Chronicle Location: `/CHRONICLE/SOP/TOKENOMICS.md`''
''Status: ACTIVE DOCTRINE''

---

== 1. Token Identity ==

{| class="wikitable"
! Property !! Value
|-
| '''Name''' || Abundance Token
|-
| '''Symbol''' || AT
|-
| '''Decimals''' || 2 (0.01 AT = 0.6 minutes of labor)
|-
| '''Backing''' || 1 AT = 1 Hour of Validated Labor
|-
| '''Network''' || OSE Federation Ledger (off-chain, append-only JSON)
|-
| '''Future Bridge''' || BTC (Lightning), Ethereum (ERC-20), or Solana (SPL)
|}

---

== 2. Supply Model ==

=== 2.1 Minting (Inflation) ===

AT is minted when:

{| class="wikitable"
! Event !! Rate !! Validator
|-
| Human Labor || 1 AT / hour || Oracle multi-sig (3/5)
|-
| Machine Output || Variable (e.g., 0.1 AT / kWh) || Hardware Bridge sensor
|-
| Quest Completion || Fixed bounty (e.g., 5 AT) || Quest issuer + Oracle
|-
| Community Service || Discretionary || Village Council
|}

'''Daily Cap''': No global cap. Inflation is tied to real production, not speculation.

=== 2.2 Recirculation (The Circular Flow) ===

AT is '''never burned''' in standard transactions. To maintain abundance, value is recirculated into pools that ensure system longevity.

{| class="wikitable"
! Event !! Recirculation Target
|-
| Internal services (e.g., Fab Lab) || 100% to Provider (Operator + Maintenance)
|-
| Material usage || 100% to '''OSE Node Wallet''' (to restock materials)
|-
| Infrastructure Fee (Tax) || 5-10% to '''OSE Node Wallet''' (Village Maintenance)
|-
| Dispute resolution (slashing) || Redirected to '''OSE Node Wallet''' (Victim/Public Fund)
|}

'''The OSE Node Wallet''': A multi-sig community fund used to purchase external resources (seeds, raw steel, energy) or to fund village-wide infrastructure upgrades.

'''Philosophical Rule''': Every AT spent is an IOU for future contribution. Deleting AT is deleting human potential.

=== 2.3 Circulating Supply ===
* '''Genesis''': 0 AT (no pre-mine)
* '''Year 1 Target''': 10,000 AT (100 contributors × 100 hours avg)
* '''Year 5 Target''': 1,000,000 AT (1000+ contributors + machine output)

---

== 3. Distribution ==

{| class="wikitable"
! Allocation !! Percentage !! Purpose
|-
| '''Laborers''' || 80% || Direct mint for validated work
|-
| '''Infrastructure Reserve''' || 10% || Village maintenance, emergency fund
|-
| '''Development Fund''' || 5% || Core protocol development (The Ark)
|-
| '''Seeder Bonus''' || 5% || Early contributors (first 50)
|}

'''No VC allocation. No team pre-mine. No insider advantage.'''

---

== 4. Governance ==

=== 4.1 Voting Power ===
* 1 AT = 1 Vote (for economic decisions)
* 1 Citizen = 1 Vote (for constitutional decisions)

=== 4.2 Proposal Types ===

{| class="wikitable"
! Type !! Quorum !! Threshold
|-
| Quest Creation || 1 Oracle || Approval
|-
| Budget Allocation || 10% of supply || 51%
|-
| Protocol Upgrade || 20% of supply || 66%
|-
| Constitutional Amendment || 50% of citizens || 75%
|}

---

== 5. Exchange Mechanics ==

=== 5.1 Internal Exchange ===
* AT accepted for all village goods/services.
* Prices set by providers (free market within village).
* Example: Meal = 0.5 AT, Housing/month = 0 AT (covered by infrastructure).

=== 5.2 External Exchange (Future) ===

{| class="wikitable"
! Phase !! Mechanism !! Target Rate
|-
| OTC Desk || Manual swaps with trusted partners || 0.10 USD
|-
| DEX Listing || Uniswap/Raydium liquidity pool || Market
|-
| CEX Listing || Major exchange (long-term) || Market
|}

=== 5.3 BTC Bridge (Priority) ===
* '''Goal''': 1 AT ↔ X sats (satoshis)
* '''Mechanism''': Lightning Network escrow contract
* '''Why BTC?''': Hardest money, no counterparty risk, global liquidity

---

== 6. Security Model ==

=== 6.1 Validation ===

{| class="wikitable"
! Layer !! Mechanism
|-
| Labor Proof || Photo/video upload, Oracle review
|-
| Time Proof || GPS timestamp, device attestation
|-
| Reputation || Decay function (unvalidated claims reduce trust)
|}

=== 6.2 Anti-Sybil ===
* New wallets require invitation from existing citizen.
* First 10 mints require manual Oracle approval.
* Suspicious patterns flagged for council review.

=== 6.3 Slashing ===
* Fraudulent mints: 100% AT balance forfeited.
* Repeated violations: Wallet banned from network.

---

== 7. Roadmap to 1 AT = 1 USD ==

{| class="wikitable"
! Milestone !! Trigger !! Estimated Timeline
|-
| '''Internal Circulation''' || 3+ villages using AT || Q2 2026
|-
| '''Export Product Launch''' || First sale for Fiat/BTC || Q4 2026
|-
| '''OTC Desk''' || Manual AT ↔ BTC swaps || Q1 2027
|-
| '''DEX Listing''' || Liquidity pool funded || Q3 2027
|-
| '''Parity''' || Market demand = 1 hour = $1 || 2028-2030
|}

---

== 8. Technical Implementation ==

=== 8.1 Current (MVP) ===
* '''Ledger''': `village_ledger_py.json` (append-only JSON)
* '''Minting''': `/api/mint` endpoint with Oracle validation
* '''Viewing''': `/api/ledger`, `/api/balance/<wallet>`

=== 8.2 Future (Production) ===
* '''Ledger''': DAG-based (see `/ledger/abundance-dag/`)
* '''Bridge''': Lightning Network integration
* '''ZK Proofs''': Private labor verification without exposing details

---

== 9. Jules Delegation: AT-BTC Bridge ==

This is the coding task for Jules or another AI operative.

'''Mission''': Build the AT ↔ BTC bridge using Lightning Network.

'''Scope''':
# Research: LND, Core Lightning, or Eclair API
# Create: `core/lightning_bridge.py`
# Endpoints: `/api/exchange/quote`, `/api/exchange/swap`
# Tests: Mock Lightning payments, edge cases

'''See''': `JULES_ONBOARDING.md` for setup.

---

''"Scarcity is a choice. We choose abundance."''

''Document Owner: Antigravity / EternalFlame''
''Last Updated: 2026-01-03''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]

==================================================

