Title: Dec 2025 FBCC Feedback Form - MJ
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/Dec%202025%20FBCC%20Feedback%20Form%20-%20MJ
----------------------------------------
Questions at [[Future_Builders_Crash_Course_-_December_2025#Feedback_Form]]

#'''Learning Objectives''' - My goal was to find out what techniques are most useful - enabling total completion of the house in only 14 days - including for managing a large team (43 people) . Due to situational factors got us to about 75% (structure + all interior framing + sheathing, roof, floors,  7 doors and windows, heat pump installed, power center installed ready for utility hookup, most of rough in plumbing; water service entrance with water supply to toilet, tub, and sink; concrete pour, utility water hookup and sewer trenching). Most compelling was the success of granual work breakdown structure in the electrical install. It was fascinating to see how modular breakdown succeeded in 'advanced' tasks such as electrical - where just about all the circuits were installed. We found that Jackson's AI generated module viewer was helpful (on-demand, AI assisted documentation), and that clear pathways exist for complete automation of instructionals production, given the high level of finish in digital documentation. 
#'''Learning Objective Completion''' - I actually feel 110% - there were critical developments that occurred in the collaborative build method that leave room for many easily-executable ways to improve house build completion. Thus, for next time - I look forward to: (1) computers CAD stations in the workshop as an effective way for people to build modules correctly and to verify their own work. (2) Complete automation of documentation in the next workshop. (3) Clear pathway to move forward on automated module design, culminating in a FreeCAD Seed Eco-Home Design Workbench for drag-and-drop design of new house models. (4) Kitchen, bathrooms, office space on the second floor, and a video testimonial station to be fully implemented in the next workshop. This builds on getting air, water, power, and fiber internet hooked up - all during this workshop session! (5) We have done a successful feedback session which is providing critical insight to product (both the Seed Eco-Home and FBCC). (6) Proof point of building massive structures (10000 sf Hangar) in only 3 weeks! (7) Proof point of modular breakdown structure (water + electrical) installed in hours. (8) Radical modularization proof point - turning the Heat Pump and Power Wall into modular structures that can be inserted comparable to windows - as a module into a wall cutout. This is major because it allows us to decouple heat pump and power wall install from the build sequence - so that people can build the heat pump and power wall at the same time as wall modules.
#'''My participation level''' - about 90%. After some of the monday build planning meetings - I had to do some computer work on several days throughout, on logistics and HR issues. This was frustrating, knowing that without my focused directive role, it is easy for progress to slow down. My goal for next time is absolute 100% - as it is extremely important to provide ongoing guidance for which unfortunately I am the only person capable. In many tasks, even professionals in the crew could not help, as they were unfamiliar with the OSE/OBI build method and would use only standard procedures.
#'''Suggestions to address the above question''' - do not run a workshop until Hangar and Rapid Learning Facility are absolutely complete, work breakdown structures are completed for a full build team, and a detailed schedule using the 'window of opportunity' approach is created. In other words - plan build tasks allowing for a certain amount of time to completion. What if critical aspects do not get done? Have a little leeway, so that we can borrow time from noncritical tasks. 
#'''How much time did you spend preparing for the course''' - direct time on infrastructure and content prep was about 4 weeks full time, or about 280 hours.
#'''Please list the top 3 things that you learning during the workshop. Please expand on this after your top 3 things - for as many little things and learnings as you remember''' - 
#What would your ideal food plan be for the workshop if you were to design the food program? Buffet? Cater? Hangar kitchen similar to what we had? Self-serve? Is location in workshop OK for you? ({{check}} We would like to make the food aspect of the event as wholesome as possible)
#What was the favorite thing about the FBCC? ({{check}}Our program features a diverse audience of backgrounds and interests, a wide scope of content, and novel approaches - and we would like to know which aspects of the overall experience are the most compelling to our audience) 
#Would you recommend a Future Builders Crash Course to others? If not, what additional features would this program need to provide for you to recommend it to others? Do you have suggestions for how we could execute the missing items effectively? ({{check}} This will help us to implement the changes that are desirable for future participants)
#What question should we ask in this feedback that we have not asked? ({{check}} We would like to understand if we missing any big picture items that would help us improve the program)
#Do you have any other comments or thoughts that would be constructive towards us improving the program in the future - outside of the gaps above that we have already identified?