Title: FBA Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose Requirements + Value Proposition
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBA%20Autonomy%2C%20Mastery%2C%20Purpose%20Requirements%20%2B%20Value%20Proposition
----------------------------------------
=About=
Charting an [[Irresistible Offer]] for the [[FBA Apprenticeship]] is not about technology development - it is about social technology development.

The technology part is just something meaningful to do - meaningful as in providing self-determination by building the world.

If we invoke [[Self-Determination Theory]], then we must start with autonomy, mastery, and purpose.

Autonomy is about being self-directed - having agency. 

Purpose - being part of something greater than oneself - or universal connection to everyone else and everything - must drive the autonomy for the outcome to be morally just. Moral intelligence is part of purpose.

Mastery is the discipline - and specifically the discipline of [[Abundance]]. Abundance is not a hippie ideal, but a rigorous pursuit of personal and collaborative mastery that leads to the solution of lower needs on [[Maslow's Pyramid]] - before any discussion of human evolution.

The structure of the FBA Apprenticeship must bake this culture into the process.

=Self-Determination Theory As Basis for the Apprenticeship=
https://chatgpt.com/share/6952edea-b840-8010-bd15-1c05b1cd6712

=Tactical=
The design of the FBA Apprenticeship can embody these principles in:
*The rigor of [[OSPD]] - creating a viable and scalable [[FBA OSPD Method]]
*Self-direction - by solving a real problem