Title: FBA Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose Conceptual Design
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBA%20Autonomy%2C%20Mastery%2C%20Purpose%20Conceptual%20Design
----------------------------------------
= OSE Future Builders Academy – Purpose (Relatedness) Charter =
Source chat - [https://chatgpt.com/share/6952f026-ff00-8010-b689-76b0479dbe91]

== Purpose ==
The OSE Future Builders Academy does not exist merely to provide skills, training, or community.  
It exists to align individuals with a mission larger than themselves: the collaborative transformation of civilization toward open, regenerative, distributive, life-supporting systems so that everyone benefits.

== Relatedness Defined ==
In the OSE framework, “relatedness” is not the lower-tier social belonging layer of Maslow’s hierarchy. Basic social safety, inclusion, and human dignity are assumed. They are necessary, but not sufficient.

OSE defines relatedness at a much higher level of psychological and ethical development.

Relatedness means:
* recognizing that the world’s systems are fundamentally broken in economic, ecological, technological, educational, and social dimensions  
* refusing to outsource responsibility for fixing those systems to corporations, governments, or anonymous “others”  
* choosing to take responsibility, together, to repair and redesign the world in open and collaborative ways  
* aligning identity with contribution, competence, stewardship, and service to humanity  
* understanding that our work is not personal comfort optimization, but civilization contribution

== What Relatedness Is NOT ==
Relatedness is NOT:
* social belonging for emotional comfort
* a support bubble to hide inside while the world burns
* entitlement to inclusion without contribution
* consensus politics or feel-good collectivism
* escapism framed as community

== What Relatedness IS ==
Relatedness IS:
* mission-level identity
* collaboration grounded in responsibility and competence
* shared commitment to systems transformation
* dignity earned through contribution and reliability
* loyalty to truth, openness, capability, and service
* standing shoulder-to-shoulder with others in the work of repairing civilization

== Position in Human Development ==
Relatedness in OSE exists above basic belonging needs.  
It aligns with self-actualization and self-transcendence — the movement from “I need to belong” toward:

* I choose to serve.
* I choose to build.
* I choose to participate in shaping the world rather than passively living in it.

== Declaration ==
OSE participants do not gather merely to feel safe, comfortable, or connected.  
They gather to become capable stewards of civilization, working collaboratively to create systems that enable human thriving for all.

This is the true meaning of relatedness in the OSE Future Builders Academy.