Title: FBA Candidate Assessment
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBA%20Candidate%20Assessment
----------------------------------------
No canidate is perfect, except for th 1 in a million, which is not scalable. [[Topgrading]] is critical, ie, establishing a formal process for accurate assessment of capacity, providing training, and setting expectations.

Typically, things to negotiate are:
*They cannot pay.
*They can't be on site.
*They don't have the time, need multiple shorter commitments.
*They don't have experience or a working business, just ideas.
*They are lacking the discipline of excellence, vision, rigor
*They don't share. Issues with documentation and time binding.
*Grit and perseverance. Some people give up, get frustrated easily.
*Problemsolving ability - ability to solve issues, have wise judgment, and take on leadership.
*Arrogance - condition of people who appear to know more than they do. Humility - not knowing it all, therefore being susceptible to working on things much larger than themselves as they solved for ego and are now into service.

=Scorecard=
*A person with a 10 understands can pay, can be present, has experience, thinks long term, has discipline, shares, has humility, can problemsolve, has grit.

=Negotiation=
*To select ones who cannot be present, they must pay.
*Those who are on site, can cross subsidize. But the negotiation is what is the point of success.
*Discipline comes in partnership: assessment in RLF, for data on productivity that makes performance transparent.