Title: FBA Project Selection
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBA%20Project%20Selection
----------------------------------------
The academy can accommodate many types of projects because of the scope of the global village construction set and open source psychology platform. However, these are not just any projects as they must comply with the following.

They must contribute to the pattern, language, product, technologies, and construction sets that already exist in the program such that they build upon these methods and help to improve them.

They must demonstrate clear, visible value as projectable via business plan or financial model that shows that the outcome will be first feasible, second replicable and third scalable.

Means of documenting and time binding, specifically, economic time binding, of content must be assured through work, logs, work docs, and methods were one is working on the business, not just the product

There must be means to guarantee completion. This includes financial sustainability, meaning some form of revenue is being generated to sustain the project or a person is paying for tuition to pay their way through the program to cover program costs such as infrastructure and materials. A clear governance contract must exist for how resources are allocated and how satisfactory progress is made.

Any project must show clear and significant value, not a pet peeve project for personal entertainment. We are working on transformative business models, and transformation of society in general. A clear case must be made that the given project complies with this mission.

It’s a proposed project is far out, i.e. it seems hardly related to what we’re doing, there must still be core elements, such as modules or elements of it that can apply directly to GVCS completion. For example, it could be developing supporting tools, such as CAD, fabrication capacity or primitive modules that exist in an existing GCS machines.

To apply, submit a proposal, business model, timeline, critical path, and clear outcome statement. Discuss the level of effort and resource required as a means to substantiate your outcome goals.