Title: User:Seeker/Abundance Token/Onboarding
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User%3ASeeker/Abundance%20Token/Onboarding
----------------------------------------
= OSE Onboarding: Start Building Your Reality =

Welcome to the '''Civilization OS'''. We are not a university, a hobbyist group, or a political movement. We are a decentralized production network building the foundations of a Type 1 Civilization.

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">IMPORTANT:</span> [!IMPORTANT] '''The Irresistible Offer''': Stop working for debt. Start working for wealth. We provide the tools, the knowledge, and the economic engine to achieve $0/month cost of living through sovereign production.</div>

== Choose Your Path ==

We operate in cycles of '''Competence'''. Choose the level of autonomy that fits your energy:

=== Level 1: The Builder (Competence) ===

''Duration: 6-Week FBCC Sprints''
* '''Outcome''': Learn to frame, weld, and plumb the '''Seed Eco-Home'''.
* '''Deliverable''': A functional survival shelter module.
* '''Reward''': Immediate practical capability + 500 AT (Abundance Tokens).
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBCC Join the Next Crash Course]

=== Level 2: The Journeyman (Autonomy) ===

''Duration: 1-Year Apprenticeship''
* '''Outcome''': Mastery of the '''GVCS''' (Global Village Construction Set).
* '''Deliverable''': Lead a production line for machines or housing modules.
* '''Reward''': $0/month cost of living + Mastery of OS Physics.
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/FBA_Apprenticeship View the Apprenticeship Curriculum]

=== Level 3: The Master Architect (Leadership) ===

''Duration: Perpetual''
* '''Outcome''': Replicate the '''OSE Node''' in a new territory.
* '''Deliverable''': Spin up a functional campus of 150 people.
* '''Reward''': Civilizational sovereignty + Oracle status in the Mesh.
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/Dunbar_Mitosis Study the Mitosis Protocol]

== The Economy of Abundance ==

Every hour of your labor is worth 1 '''Abundance Token (AT)'''. Unlike fiat, AT is backed by the physical production capacity of the OSE Mesh.
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Ledger View the Live Ledger]
* [https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User:Seeker/Abundance_Token/Guide How to Mint AT]

== The Vision ==

We are transitioning from a Type 0 to a '''Type 1 Civilization'''. This requiresInformation Density (The Ark) merged with Energy Density (The GVCS).

'''The old world is entropic. The new world is abundant. Choose wisely.'''

---
''Powered by Antigravity | OSE Stabilization Protocol v1.0''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]