Title: User:Seeker/Abundance Token/History
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User%3ASeeker/Abundance%20Token/History
----------------------------------------
= Session Log: 2026-01-04 =

'''Operator''': EternalFlame + Antigravity
'''Focus''': Justice Economy, Tier Paths, & Historical Synthesis
'''Total Duration''': ~14+ hours (Active development and archival)

---

== Accomplishments ==

=== 1. ⚖ Code Justice Economy ===
* Implemented proactive auditing for code contributions.
* Integrated audit scores into the minting process to prevent inflation of low-quality code.
* Hardened the Justice core to detect manipulation attempts.

=== 2.  Tier Path & Role Factory ===
* Evolved user progression from simple hours to specialized "Tier Paths" (Apprentice ➔ Journeyman ➔ Master).
* Implemented the '''Role Factory''', allowing Oracles to define new roles on-the-fly via the ledger.
* Automated tier advancement based on verified labor hours and justice scores.

=== 3.  Historical Synthesis (The Chronicle) ===
* Audited the last 3 weeks of development history.
* Synthesized session logs into a cohesive narrative for external demonstration.
* Identified and logged critical technical hurdles (n8n Cloud-Local bridge issues, JS fetch stalling).

=== 4.  The Triple Threat (Launch Readiness) ===
* '''Phase 6 (PWA)''': Implemented "Civilization OS" as a standalone Progressive Web App with offline survival shell.
* '''Phase 7 (Visuals)''': Added "Heartbeat" pulse reactivity to the Live Tangle visualization.
* '''Sovereign Launch''': Verified system health with a new 10-point diagnostic script.

---

== Key Metrics Updated ==
* '''Justice Audit Avg''': 0.98 (High integrity)
* '''Active Roles''': 4 (Builder, Oracle, Coder, Steward)
* '''Economy Stability''': Verified via `verify_integrated_path.py`

---

== Technical Hurdles & Fixes ==
* '''n8n Connectivity''': Resolved (via implementation of Cloudflare Tunnels/Public API mapping).
* '''UI Logic Hang''': Fixed by wrapping all `switchView` fetches in atomic safety blocks.
* '''Ledger Inconsistency''': Repaired via automated snapshot reconciliation scripts.

---

''"We build the economy we want to live in. Integrity is the only currency that doesn't inflate."''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]