Title: User:Seeker/Abundance Token/Manifest
Url: https://wiki.opensourceecology.org/wiki/User%3ASeeker/Abundance%20Token/Manifest
----------------------------------------
= OSE Chronicle Manifest =

= OSE CHRONICLE: MANIFEST =

<div style="padding:10px; border:1px solid #ccc; background:#f9f9f9; border-left: 5px solid #007bff;"><span style="font-weight:bold; color:#007bff;">IMPORTANT:</span> [!IMPORTANT] '''Primary Dashboard''': [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MISSION_CONTROL]] - '''USE THIS FOR LIVE OPS'''</div>

Welcome to the '''Sovereign Source of Truth''' for the OSE Project. This manifest is the high-level map of the territory, designed for both human stewards and AI agents.

== Navigation Map ==

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP SOP (Standard Operating Procedures)] ===

The "Meat and Tissues" of the project logic.
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/SDP_001]] - '''MANDATORY READ'''
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/GAP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/GAP_002]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/YOS_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/ECP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/TNP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/SEC_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/MCP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/FCP_001]]
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SOP/ASG_001]]

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/LEGACY LEGACY] ===

Integrated historical documentation.
* [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/LEGACY/GAIA GAIA Protocols]

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/ARCHIVE ARCHIVE] ===

A sanitized and indexed history of previous intelligence.
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/ARCHIVE/INDEX]]

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SESSION_LOGS SESSION_LOGS] ===

Chronological record of agent activity and mission status.

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MESH_COMMS MESH_COMMS] ===

Agent-to-agent communication via NetBird mesh.
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MESH_COMMS/outbox]] - Outgoing messages
* [[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/MESH_COMMS/inbox]] - Incoming messages

=== [file:///Volumes/Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/SHARED_FILES SHARED_FILES] ===

File sharing between federated nodes.

== Active Missions ==
# '''Civilization OS (The Ark)''': Implementing a self-contained village management node.
# '''Global Federation''': Scaling across Dunbar-limited nodes.
# '''Mobility Network''': AT-backed global travel and survival.
# '''[[Extreme%20SSD/Antigrav/OSE/CHRONICLE/NEXT_HORIZON]]''': Technical roadmap for Phases 6-10.

== Tooling ==
* `CHRONICLE/scripts/snapshot.sh`: Use this to finalize an agent session.

---
''Last Updated: 2025-12-29 (Phase 3: Type 6 Trajectory)''

[[Category:Abundance Token]]